Add breaking changes doc for 2.6.0 (#3802)
Azure/azure-service-operator: docs/hugo/content/guide/breaking-changes/breaking-changes-v2.6.0.md

---
title: "v2.6.0 Breaking Changes"
linkTitle: "v2.6.0"
weight: 70
---

> ## VirtualMachineScaleSet VirtualMachineProfile.ExtensionProfile.Extension.ProtectedSettings field is now marked as a SecretReference

Reviewer: This is too long for a heading

```suggestion
## VirtualMachineScaleSet ProtectedSettings now a SecretReference

The property `VirtualMachineProfile.ExtensionProfile.Extension.ProtectedSettings` on `VirtualMachineScaleSet` has been changed from a string to a `SecretReference`
```
